Q1
In which metal do people most commonly invest?

Aluminum
Gold*
Iron
---

Q2
A snowstorm so strong that it reduces visibility to near zero is called what?

Blackout
Whiteout
Redout
---

Q3
What does the P in PGA stand for?

Prize
Putting
Professional*

---
Q4

Art that dismisses traditonal values for new ideas 

Impressionist
Conceptual Art*
Post-Impressionist

---
Q5

Why did spiral staircases used to be all made to go down clockwise?

Inventor's superstition
To avoid dizziness
Easier to defend*

---
Q6

Jennifer Hudson kicked off her career on what show?

Amircan Idol*
America's Got Talent
The Voice

---
Q7

What WWE wresteler has the most wins at Wrestlemania?

John Cena
The Undertaker*
Hulk Hogan

---
Q8

Which national flag is a white cross on red background?

Denmark*
Norway
England

---
Q9
What award is given to the team with the best record in the regular season?

League Challenge
Supporter's Shield*
Campbell Cup

---
Q10

Who's logo includes 3 tuning forks?

Steinway & Songs
Korg, Inc
Yamaha Motor Company*

---
Q11

Which of these stock incides lists 30 stocks?

Nasdaq Composite
S&P Midcap
Dow Jones Industrial*

---
Q12

Battle Creek, Michigan is headquarters to which brand of cereal?

Post
General Mills
Kellogs*

---
Q13

Who was the first actor cast in the Arrested Development?

Jason Batemen
Portia De Rossi
Alia Shawkat*

---
Q14

What is nigrogen's boiling point in celcius is what?

98 degrees
196 degrees
-196 degrees*

---
Q15

What is the only NHL logo to feature gloves?

Pittsburgh Penguins*
Ottawa Senators
Vegas Golden Knights




